.TH HTGET 1 "31 December 1997" "DOS network application"
.SH NAME
htget \- get a document via HTTP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B htget
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR]
[\fB\-o\fIfile\fR]
[\fB\-p\fIid:passphrase\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
.I URL
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B htget
is a small program to fetch a document with HTTP.
URL is the location of the document served via HTTP.
The initial
.B http://
can be omitted.
The document, if there is no error, is sent to standard output.
Use
.B \-o
or > redirection if you wish to save to a file.
Diagnostics go to standard error.
.SH INSTALLATION
.B htget
requires: a network interface, typically
a network interface card and a FTP Software specification
Packet Driver for it, and a valid WATTCP configuration file, WATTCP.CFG.
.LP
To install, edit the file WATTCP.CFG, filling in the entries. Then edit
your autoexec.bat file to load the packet driver.
Something like this:
.sp
.nf
c:\\htget\\ni5210 0x60 2 0x300 0xcc00
rem If you wish to put your wattcp.cfg in a particular directory
set wattcp_cfg=a:\\htget\\wattcp.cfg
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
get header only. Note that not all servers support the HEAD
method and you may get a 400 reply (invalid request).
.TP
.B \-m
get only if modified more recently than the date of
the file specified with
.B \-o
.TP
.BI \-o file
get into file
.TP
.BI \-p id:passphrase
supply a passphrase for protected documents. Quote
the argument if it contains spaces.
.TP
.B \-v
print some progress messages
.SH "CONDITIONAL GET"
The
.B \-m
option for If-Modified-Since depends on the timezone being set correctly.
You should, in autoexec.bat, SET TZ=EST5 for US East Coast
or AST-10 for Australian East Coast for example.
During DST, add another three letters, e.g.  AST-10ADT.
The letters don't matter, it's the offset that counts.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
The environment variable
.BR HTTP_PROXY ,
if set to a string of the form
.IR host:port ,
will direct
.B htget
to connect to that proxy to fetch the URL specified
instead of connecting directly to the server.
The full URL (with the http:// prefix), must be specified.
.SH "FILE FORMAT"
Remember that the document is fetched exactly as-is.
So a HTML document from a Unix Web server
will not have carriage returns before line feeds.
Also, embedded images are not fetched; you must fetch them separately.
HTGET is a utility to fetch documents by HTTP, not a browser.
Try
.B doslynx
if you want the latter.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
RFC 1945 Hypertext Transfer Protocol HTTP/1.0
.SH FILES
WATTCP.CFG
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Hopefully self explanatory.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.B htget
is under the Artistic License, which allows you to freely distribute
the program provided the sources accompany, or are made available on
request. See Artistic for details.
.SH AUTHOR
Ken Yap (ken@syd.dit.csiro.au)
.SH DATE
December 1997
